Welcome to Cleaner HQ.
Thanks for watching!
Mr. Natural.
It's nice to meet you, Mr. Natural.
How'd you get boo-boo on the back of your neck?
For real?
No wonder that fly liked you.
My man's a real boo-boo player!
I wasn't playing with it, jerk!
I appreciate you, SMU.
I'm gonna take him to say hi to the boss now.
Fun.
Neverland Forever
For Notchix
Yeah
Yeah, love me, send me
The prince, I'll take everything
And you'll take it
I want you to hold me tight
So you can crush me
Goodbye, yes, I need
I won't forget the love
I feel the girl, I find me again
Tonight, I can't go on
Yeah, love me, send me
If you count all the combatants, sentinels, and supporters, which you should, there are about a hundred cleaners.
But with danger around every corner, you gotta spread out.
So it's rare for everyone to be home at the same time.
You up for shaking some hands real quick?
Like all of them?
Yeah.
Nah, most everyone's probably out working.
This'll only take...
Huh, I was wrong.
How about we make him wait?
And here we have the boss's room.
Look, I'll be...
Be cool, but I'm asking about how...
Oh, no you don't.
Take a breath.
Cause your face says I'm about to go scream at a guy till I get some answers.
Allow me to refresh your memory first.
Info is a prime commodity that doesn't come cheap.
Tell him you'll work for him in exchange.
Or no one's getting what they want.
Also, wise men don't ask about the boss's instrument.
I told you about mine because I needed you to trust me.
And don't ask anyone else about it because we don't know.
Not what it is or what it does.
We don't care.
None of us cleaners follow the boss because we're scared or weak.
It's because we want to.
Power can't win that kind of trust.
Hmm.
Oh, did I not tell you?
The boss is away on business right now.
He won't be back for a while.
Say what?
Gone?
Really?
Damn.
That sucks.
Well, that's that.
Can't be helped.
Got some bad news for you, bud.
Turns out the boss isn't here.
Yeah, I heard.
So what do I do now?
Well, is there an ETA on his return?
Oh.
Of course.
Right after I gave the new guy my spiel about trust and all that kind of crap.
Looks like you're gonna be sitting on your hands for a bit, Ruto.
You could do that. Or you could tag along and watch me work.
You can't officially join until the boss gets back and gives the okay.
Come be my trainee for a day. Get an up close and personal look at the job.
It'll be fun. And it's a chance for us to get to know each other. Right?
This'll be more or less basic maintenance.
A town near the Polluted Zone reported that small trash beasts have been approaching their barricade lately.
They don't want to take any chances, so they're asking us for a cleaning.
What's a Polluted Zone?
Engine. What all haven't you told him?
Told him plenty. I've just been using words he could wrap his head around.
Okay, I'm gonna need you to forget everything this imbecile said.
Rude.
The ground is divided into pockets of habitable areas called Safe Zones and Roads.
And Polluted Zones. The latter being the garbage-tainted death traps that trash beasts come from.
While all Polluted Zones are dangerous, some, like the ones you happen to land in, are especially so.
A No Man's Land.
Only six No Man's Lands have actually been confirmed.
Largely because most people die immediately after wandering into one.
Plus they're swarming with trash beasts that even givers struggle with.
It's nothing short of a miracle that Engine found you when he did.
Speaking of, what were you doing out there anyway?
Can't a man stretch his legs? Last I heard, we could.
That's your excuse?
Mm-hmm.
Grand idiocy aside, remember to wear a gas mask whenever you're in any Polluted Zones.
Breathing in toxins never ends well. You could become dangerously ill very fast.
And in a No Man's Land, you've got about fifteen minutes before you die without one.
Uh-uh.
Like some of you said, this'll be basic maintenance. But I still want you paying close attention to everything.
Got it?
So that's a Polluted Zone. It really is just a giant toxic dump, huh?
Makes me wonder how long I was in that No Man's Land without a mask.
It's weird, but a lot of the pit's been pretty much what I've been doing.
I don't know what I pictured it'd be like when I was up in the sphere.
Back then, I thought everyone died in the pit. But there are whole cities down here.
Do any of the city folk know about this?
I mean, they might. And still just dump people and trash down here anyway.
Who knows? But I'm here. And when I really stop to take it all in...
It's treasure as far as the eye can see! I just want to take it all home and fix it up!
Maybe I should've asked earlier, but who are they?
They're cleaners. Just like us. They're supporters. They don't have powers like we do.
But you'll learn quickly how important they are to any job we go on.
Very nice to meet you.
Yeah, same. Nice to meet...
Blew your mind, right?
My man's got mad godly strength. He can bust a trash beast shell with one punch!
Isn't that awesome? Coolest guy ever.
Everyone's on a completely different level than me.
I've gotta watch and learn everything I can. Even if this is just an easy job.
Ryo, trash beast incoming.
Belgrade
That many? Hey, no one said anything about fighting a whole herd. How is that easy?
Untwist your undies, man. These types are slow and weak, nothing to be scared of.
You see? And that's them actually trying to put a dent in that barricade.
Wow.
a perfect opportunity for you to watch and learn. You're so lucky, Rudeau. I am? I guess so. These
trash beasts are milder than the ones from before. There really are all kinds out there, like animals,
if they all wanted to kill you. Oh great, now their buff friends are here! What's the plan,
Ryo? Because they're denting the hell out of that barricade! Don't worry about it, it's fine.
What are you talking about? They're coming right for us! We need backup or something!
Nah, those are just bigger versions of the little guys, and them being here doesn't change much.
This is still a perfect training opportunity, so watch, learn, and trust in the professionals.
Besides, now that we're seeing the big ones, I seriously doubt the herd will get much bigger.
Oh great, like it wasn't big enough already. You know, if we play this right,
we can round up the rest of the team and get the big ones.
Yeah, we can do that.
Oh, what an idea. We can throw you a welcome party when we get back. What's your favorite food?
That's nice, but I'm not officially in the cleaners.
Then, uh, welcome to the ground party.
Huh? How are you not freaking out? I'm not even risking my life and I'm freaking out!
Simple. To be a cleaner. Oh, to survive life on the ground.
You gotta learn the importance of keeping it cool.
Yeah, that's right. Engine wasn't phased by anything either.
Is the secret really that basic?
Alright, time to lock it the hell in!
This is fine. I am fine. Gotta keep my cool and it'll all work out.
Right, Rio?
What the hell is that? I've never seen a trash beast look so good.
It's terrible teaching material, though.
Huh?
Hey there. Why don't we give these guys a show they'll never forget?
Sounds great.
I'll stay here. Keeping cool.
Ok, come on.
Or we should right МiyaЙ.
The
INTENSE
ENOUGH
NOMIN tus
What just happened? Seriously, what? Did she swing those scissors with her foot?
Well, yeah. The Ryo's vital instrument, the Ripper.
Conventional wisdom dictates that you use scissors with your hands, but clearly Ryo's not that conventional.
Brash would be a better word.
So even how givers use their objects is up to them.
Hey, keep your head in the game. Don't drop your guard just because you're observing.
Hey!
Ryo!
Mmm, there we go.
Hey, send a few more my way, please, and thank you.
Yes, ma'am.
Here comes the king of the ring.
Supporters can't defeat trash beasts without powers, but they can disable them so it's easier for givers to take them out.
The cleaners fight as a team.
I wouldn't say I joined. It's kind of more like I'm lending a hand until I get what I want from you guys.
It's my first new version.
I'm glad you're here.
Hmm, looks pretty spic and span to me.
Alright, big guy.
Let's have some fun.
Ryo's going after the big one.
Let's focus on taking apart the smaller ones.
Make sure they stay out of the fight.
Roger that, sir.
I'm going to take care of the rest of the gang.
I'll be right back.
Bye, doc.
Bye, M initiative.
Bliyor and recruit number one.
That is rest, mal'
Hey mate.
I've gotta have you guys back too!
And I'm gonna prove to you I can!
What the...
The hell just happened?
Wait, is this...
No way.
This is my power.
What would I do to trigger it this time?
I don't know.
Rushing in to help someone?
I'm liking what I see, Rudo.
Ryu!
Rudo!
Let me see.
Are you hurt?
Thanks for the save.
Ryu, what's going on with the big one?
Did you clean it up?
Well, I did cut it in half.
Couldn't get it to stick, though.
It's so annoying I keep carving it up, but it just won't go down.
It's impervious to vital instruments?
I know, it's weird, right?
A trash-based tweak point is usually in the same spots as a living being.
So cutting it in half with an instrument should make it super dead.
Hmm. Well, can't be helped.
It's still a trash beast at the end of the day, so I can just dice it up until it can't move.
Let's try that.
Since it's a new type of beast, we'll need to log and file a report.
First, we're gonna go warn the surrounding towns about it.
Have fun, you guys.
Ryu!
Um...
Ugh...
I'm gonna have to go.
Hey, here's a thought.
What do you say we give you a nice trim and clean up that angry mop of yours?
I'm gonna have to go.
You look so good with a high top.
A full groove cut?
Well, if that's really what you want.
I'm gonna have to go.
Now, I don't have my clipper, so this might take a bit.
Look at that snazzy view.
Um, sir?
You've got something shining back here.
My, my.
Why'd you hide me?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Aaaaaaah!
Yoi!
Beefy Ears?
plate!
Yeah?
Yeah.
Stu.
You can appreciate this one's
I said I was going to beat the ass of the guy who killed Regto, and then go beat the
shit out of all those assholes up in the sphere.
I only need you to fully recover, even though this doesn't feel like time.
But I don't understand my power.
I can't stop being a burden.
I can't do anything.
I'm trash.
Get it together.
I know whatever made you freeze up has to be big.
But you've got something you want.
So run after it while you can.
If you learn anything, let that be it.
Keep singing for me, big guy.
Because I know exactly what that song means.
I found your sweet spot!
Well, look at that.
She beat it.
Rio, you good?
What'd you do to put it down?
I found this thing, stabbed it, and it died.
Best I can figure this sucker is what was powering it.
Kinda hope not.
A vital instrument?
What's a vital instrument doing in a trap?
A trash beast.
How's that even possible?
Where the hell am I?
Last I remember, that spherite kid kicked my ass and then...
Excuse me.
Who are you?
First, tell me about that spherite who kicked your ass.
No, thanks.
Fuck you all.
I'll leave the door open, a-Ma.
I've been deep inside, thinking I've got no regrets.
It's comforting, but still a joy.
I'm moving on, expecting more new hands.
Subscribe!
And like this.
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!